bpo-14916: use specified tokenizer fd for file input (#31006)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2020-09-11-02-50-41.bpo-14916.QN1Y03.rst

> fixed bug in "The Very High Level Layer" of c-api that prevented
> PyRun_InteractiveOne\*() parsing from the provided FD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug in the tokenizer that prevented ``PyRun_InteractiveOne`` from parsing from the provided FD.
```
